easy to get carried away with tasty
drinks at new year's eve celebrations
and many of the cocktails we love are
loaded with carbs calories and all the
other safety and health risks of
drinking alcohol in excess but don't
worry you can welcome the new year in a
healthier way with some delicious
mocktail recipes from nutritionist and
personal trainer Ariana hunt Ariana
thanks so much for being here welcome
happy 2010 almost happy 2007 thanks for
having me so let's get right to these
drinks they all look delicious the first
to have hint in them instead of alcohol
before I ask you why you use hit what is
hint I've never heard of it hit really
the name hits the nail on the head hint
really is just a hint of flavor and they
have all these amazing they're ten
different flavors this one is mango
grapefruit and the great thing about it
is it has no artificial flavors it has
no sugar in it and absolutely no
calories you get just the hint of flavor
it's perfect it's not sugary exactly
that's all you need really okay so you
put these in these drinks let's talk
about the first one and this is the hit
mango pre exactly what's in here the hip
manga breeze has about a bottle of this
mango grapefruit juice we added a few
slices of grapefruit and about a quarter
of a papaya of the mango I'm sorry and
we blended that up just with a couple
ice cubes and there you go it looks like
you have a tropical drink yeah it has no
alcohol in okay so how many calories
listen here ah it depends on how much he
sugar you use how much fruit sugar you
use but this is about 120 calories or so
if you like grapefruit this is great
delicious very freshing is it it is
let's talk about this next one I think
anything that's in a martini glass
always looks faster right if this is
what the blackberry hint mojito exactly
so we have a mojito using the blackberry
hint water and again we're getting the
hint of blackberry we muddled just a few
leaves of fresh mint leaves together you
can really smell it with blackberries we
mix that over ice with the blackberry
pings water and mixed it up look this
would be good at an for a Kentucky Derby
party right job I like we garnish it
with the blackberry that gives it that
extra special now this also helps you
stay hard rated because if you're
dancing the night away on New Year's Eve
these will helped with the hydration
absolutely well to stay hydrated you
really want to drink a lot of water but
used waters give you the hydration
without any added sugar sure can be
dehydrating it can really crash you
because you get a quick sugar spike then
you get a sugar low and again it enough
just feeling tired the next day and
they're not that filling probably know
they're very low in calories low in
sugar and you're not getting the alcohol
hangover right that's that's very
important let's talk about the next two
because they've got agave nectar in them
is that right and for these strings we
use something called agave and this is a
really great product because it has
absolutely no artificial ingredients
it's made from an organic agave plant
and the great thing about it is it's
really one of the only natural
sweeteners that has nutritional benefits
you get a lot of ice gonna taste it you
get calcium and iron from this okay is
that why this is a guilt-free option
absolutely and you also get a mmm isn't
it delicious and this is my favorite so
far guys so all you need to do for the
strawberry daikiri here is you must mix
about three tablespoons of this agave
nectar miss agave you add nine or ten
strawberries couple ice cubes and you
blend it up and there you go it's very
impressive for you guess yeah it's
simple strawberries and ice and it
doesn't look like it takes that long so
I mean how long would it take you to
make one of these this takes you 20
seconds to mix up to mix it up and do
you recommend these for your clients
that are trying to you know watch what
they're eating and drinking over the
holidays absolutely sugar ages use sugar
tires you out and it causes you to store
fat so the less sugar the healthy you
are okay well if you are going out
drinking on New Year's Eve if you have
kind of what's considered a hangover
cure right this over here you also have
it in one of your mocktails it's um this
is cocked coconut water it's coconut
water it's not coconut milk which means
it has absolutely no fat in it it is
very low in calories the plane of flavor
has maybe about 60 calories or so and it
has been known as the secret hangover
cure because it is very very rich in
electrolytes it has five of your
essential electrolytes in it and it has
more potassium than a banana so really
drink this as part of your mocktail or
the day after having some alcohol today
we drink a little too much I feel just
great okay so this is kind of like
uh maybe a healthier version of gatorade
absolutely you want to stay away from
anything that has high fructose corn
syrup in it this gives you a little bit
of sweetness and it helps replenish
rehydrate after workout after a night of
partying and you'll feel waking up
you'll wake up on january first feeling
really good all right well let's talk
about the recipe that includes the
coconut water there you go and that is
this one which one is this this is
called the Zico wonderland for this one
we used the ziggo passion fruit okay we
added just an orange rind to it and we
shook it up with a little bit of water
but with a little bit of ice and poured
it into martini glass this is fun for me
I like all they like that mmm and you're
still not getting a sugar rush and we
just add a little bit of pomegranate
juice you're just a little splash to
give you the antioxidant benefits that
has the most antioxidants basically out
there more than red wine I just learned
and some other things right exactly yeah
this is really tasty did you get a power
combination here and then we have
another drink this is called the Zico
persica okay we're using the natural
those so this has a little bit less
sugar than the others eco flavor and you
mix that with a little bit of sparkling
cider you chill it over ice shake it up
with a little bit of lime juice and
you're ready to go and are you saving
money too at the same time you have to
go up well this alcohol for the for your
party saving big bucks yeah how much did
these costs I mean you can find them in
any daily they're really various coconut
waters out there now and they cost
between 150 to three dollars and this is
refreshing this tastes like something
you to even have in the morning right
you can have it as replacement for your
orange juice which is very high in sugar
how can this gets you ready for the day
and when do you drink this do you drink
this turn you know like you can drink it
before you work out you can drink it
right after you can have it as a little
snack throughout the day just replenish
or if you're in the heat right it's
great in the summer after having spent
some time in the in the dry heat arianna
thank you so much these are all fabulous
and for the full recipes for all the
mocktail seen here today be sure to
check out the GMA recipes page at ABC
News calm